repair clinic encourages you to perform
this procedure safely in this video we
will show one or more of these icons to
alert you when to use caution as with
any repair you should unplug the power
cord before beginning to replace the
defrost thermistor and thermal fuse in
your refrigerator first pull out the
lower freezer drawer and remove the
screws securing the drawer assembly to
the rails next remove the drawer bin by
lifting it up from the rear lift off the
drawer assembly from the rails and set
it aside push the lower slide rails in
and pull out the upper drawer depress
the tabs on the upper drawer supports
and lift the upper drawer off push the
slide rails back and remove the screws
securing the rail supports
with the screws removed pull the upper
slide rails off of the inner liner now
remove the screws securing the lower
rail supports to the liner and remove
the lower slide rails and supports you
will need to disconnect the drawer
switch wire harness to fully release the
left rail support remove the mounting
screws securing the ice maker assembly
to the cabinet use a small flat-head
screwdriver to depress the tabs to
detach the assembly then pull the
assembly forward depress the tab to
disconnect the wire harness to fully
release the icemaker now use a
screwdriver to help release the sensor
cover from the rear panel detach the
sensor from the cover remove the screw
to release the access panel reach in and
disconnect the evaporator fan motor wire
harness now pull the panel forward and
out to access the evaporator next
disconnect the defrost thermistor wire
harness now cut the two zip ties
securing the thermal fuse and pull the
fuse out of the evaporator pull the
thermistor free cut the remaining zip
tie and remove the old components
you're now ready to install the new
defrost thermistor and thermal fuse tuck
the fuse into the evaporator and secure
it with new zip ties
now position the new thermistor and use
a zip tie to secure it connect the
thermistor wire harness return the rear
panel to the inside of the freezer
compartment and insert the sensor
through the panel now align the tabs on
the bottom of the panel with the bottom
edge of the liner and snap the panel in
you can now snap the remainder of the
panel into place reconnect the
evaporator fan motor wire harness
replace the access panel and secure it
with the screw
snap the sensor into the cover then
reposition the cover on the rear panel
reinstall the ice maker assembly by
first connecting the wire harness to the
receptacle in the liner then slide the
assembly into position and snap it into
place replace the mounting screws
reconnect the lower drawer switch wire
harness and reposition both lower drawer
slide rails and supports by inserting
the tabs into the slots in the liner
replace the screws to secure reinstall
the upper drawer slide rails in the same
manner once installed
pull the slide rails out align the upper
drawer on the supports and snap it into
position reinstall the lower drawer
assembly by first pulling out the slide
rails now align the rear tabs on the
drawer assembly with the rear slots on
the rails then insert the front tabs
into the front slots replace the drawer
bin by aligning the lip of the bin with
the tabs and lower the bin into place
replace the screws to secure the drawer
assembly to the rails you're now ready
to plug the power cord back in and
confirm that the refrigerator is working
properly
you